Game of Thrones is set on the fictional continents of Westeros and Essos.
In Game of Thones, seasons take place over a number of years.
There are Seven Kingdoms in Westeros spread accross nine regions: the North, the Iron Islands, the Riverlands, the Vale, the Westerlands, the Stormlands, the Reach, the Crownlands, and Dorne.
There are nine great houses in Game of Thrones: Stark, Arryn, Baratheon, Tully, Greyjoy, Lannister, Tyrell, Martell and Targaryen.
The sigil of house Stark is a dire wolf.
Peter Dinklage plays Tyrion Lannister.
The producers of Game of Thrones are David Benioff and DB Weiss.
Game of Thrones is made by HBO
Ned Stark is Warden of the North. 
Tywin Lannister is Warden of the West.
The famous swords of Westeros are: Longclaw, Ice, Widow's Wail, Oathkeeper, Needle, Lightbringer and Dawn.
The main headquarters for Game of Thrones production is the Paint Hall in Belfast.
Castle Black was built in an abandoned quarry outside Belfast.
In Season 1, Pentos and Kings Landing were both filmed in Malta.
Dubrovnik in Croatia was Kings Landing.
The land beyond the Wall in Game of Thrones was filmed in Iceland.
Dorne was filmed in Spain.
Game of Thrones first premiered in April 2011.
Game of Thrones is based on George R. R. Martin's fantasy book series 'A Song of Ice and Fire'.
Maesters are the scholars and healers of Westeros. Their headquarters is the Citadel in Oldtown.
There are two filming units for Game of Thrones - "Wolf" and "Dragon". A third unit was added in Season 6 - "White Walker".
The character Maester Aemon Targaryen of the Nights Watch is blind and so is the actor who played him, Peter Vaughan.
Theon Greyjoy is played by Alfie Allen, brother of singer Lily Allen.
There is a Game of Thrones TV channel in Israel.
The first season used Northern Inuit dogs as direwolf pups.
The sigil of house Arryn is an eagle.
Dothraki is a real language created for the show.
Game of Thrones has been the most illegally downloaded show for four years running.
In 2014, HBO released an official Game of Thrones themed rap album called "Catch the Throne".
Iwan Rheon, who plays Ramsay Snow, nearly got the part of Jon Snow.
Prior to being cast, Lena Headey and Jerome Flynn were in a relationship that ended so badly that they each had clauses in their contracts that they must never share scenes.
In June 2014, Queen Elizabeth visited the set of Game of Thrones in Belfast but declined to sit on the Iron Throne.
Most of the actors are older than their characters. Thomas Brodie Sangster was 22 when he was cast as 13 year old Jojen Reed.
The Nights Watch guard the Wall in the North from Wildlings.
Aerys II, the 'Mad King' was killed by Jamie Lannister.
Each of the Stark children have their own direwolf - Robb has Grey Wind, Sansa has Lady, Bran has Summer, Arya has Nymeria, Rickon has Shaggydog and Jon has Ghost.
Viserys and Daenarys Targaryen fled to Essos when their family fell.
Tyrion Lannister visits the Wall with Jon Snow. Jon joins the Nights Watch.
Robb Stark captures Osha when she tries to attack Bran.
Catelyn Stark arrests Tyrion Lannister and takes him to the Eyrie to her sister Lysa Arryn.
Tyrionn meets the sellsword Bronn on the way to the Eyrie and he defends Tyrion in his trial by combat.
Ned Stark hires Syrio Forel to teach her to fight.
Khal Drogo marries Daenerys Targaryen.
Robb Stark imprisons Jamie Lannister.
Arya Stark escapes Kings Landing with Yoren, a man of the Nights Watch.
Gendry is Robert Baratheon's bastard son.
Arya becomes a servant to Tywin Lannister in Harrenhal.
Jon Snow falls in love with a wildling woman called Ygritte.
Daenarys Targaryen names her three dragons Drogon, Viserion and Rhaegal.
The Hound kidnaps Arya Stark.
Jamie Lannister tells Brienne of Tarth how he killed the mad king in the baths of Harrenhal.
Tyrion and Varys cross the narrow sea to seek Daenarys Targaryen.
Arya Stark runs away to Braavos to study with Jaqan H'ghar at the House of Black and White.
Stannis Baratheon has Mance Rayder (the king beyond the wall) burned to death.
Cersei Lannister is forced by the High Sparrow to walk naked through Kings Landing in a walk of shame.
Daenarys takes over the city of Mereen.
Daenarys imprisons two of her dragons - Viserion and Rhaegal. Drogon escapes.
Arya Stark is blinded as a punishment.
Daenarys reopens the fighting pits and promises to marry Hizdahr zo Loraq.
Melisandre is revealed to be really old and using sorcery to look young.
Theon returns to the Iron Islands and steals the fleet with his sister Yara's help.
Daenarys returns to Dragonstone.
Cersei Lannister considers a marriage proposal from Euron Greyjoy.
Having seen the destructive power of a dragon, Jamie warns Cersei.
Jon Snow meets Daenarys Targaryen on Dragonstone.
Jamie Lannister tosses Brandon Stark out of a tower window when the boy witnesses him having sex with his twin sister Cersei Lannister.
Cersei Lannister has her cousin Lansel Lannister ply her husband Robert Baratheon with strong wine so that he has a fatal hunting accident.
Ned Stark is betrayed by Petyr Baelish "Littlefinger" and decapitated by Sir Illyn Payne on Joffrey's orders.
Khal Drogo murders Daenarys Targaryen's brother Viserys by pouring molden gold over his head.
When Khal Drogo is killed, Daenarys has his body burned with Mirri Maz Duur who betrayed them. She walks into the flames with her dragon eggs and when they die away, she is found with three live dragons.
Theon Greyjoy betrays Robb Stark and takes Winterfell. Bran and Rickon escape.
Stannis uses Melisandre's blood magic to send a shadow to kill his brother Renly in front of Brienne of Tarth.
Catelyn Stark frees Jamie Lannister and sends him to Kings Landing with Brienne of Tarth to get her daughters back.
Jon Snow joins the wildlings and kills Qhorin Half-Hand.
The Hound runs away from the battle of Kings Landing because he is afraid of wildfire.
Tyrion Lannister marries Sansa Stark.
Edmuir Tully agrees to marry Roslin Frey to make up to her father Walder Frey for Robb Stark marrying Talisa instead of Roslin. 
Daenerys uses her dragon Drogon to kill Kraznys mo Nakloz of Qarth and free his unsullied warriors who become her army.
The Purple Wedding - Olena Tyrell poisons Joffrey at his wedding to Margaery Tyrell. Cersei blames Tyrion and Sansa.
Jamie Lannister has his hand cut off by Roose Bolton's sell-sword Locke.
Sansa is freed by Littlefinger and they make their way to the Vale of Arryn where he marries her aunt Lysa.
Petyr Baelish pushes Lysa Arryn out of the moon door and kills her when she threatens Sansa.
Lysa Arryn was the one who poisoned Jon Arryn and she sent a letter to her sister Catelyn Stark blaming the Lannisters so that she could start a war for Petyr Baelish.
Gregor "The Mountain" Clegane, kills Oberyn Martell is the trial by combat for Tyrion Lannister.
Jamie frees Tyrion and Tyrion goes after his father Tywin and kills him with a crossbow on the toilet after he discovers his own lover Shae in Tywin's bed.
Ramsay Bolton tortures and castrates Theon Greyjoy until he becomes his slave Reek.
Brienne of Tarth defeats Sandor Clegane and Arya Stark leaves him to die.
Melisandre convinces Stannis Baratheon to burn his daugher Shereen alive to apease the Lord of Light and hold back the winter snows. He loses the respect of his troops and many desert him. His wife commits suicide.
The Night King sends his army to massacre the wildlings at Hardhome. Jon Snow and some wildlings escape then watch helplessly from a boat as the Night King revives the slain to add to his army of the dead.
Jon Snow is stabbed to death by member of the Nights Watch including Ollie.
Melisandre raises Jon Snow from the dead.
Hodor sacrifices himself and 'holds the door' to let Bran escape.
The Knights of the Vale help Jon Snow win the Battle of the Bastards against Ramsay Bolton who Sansa feeds to his own dogs.
Cersei Lannister uses wildfire to blow up the Great Sept of Baelor with Mace Tyrlell, Margaery Tyrell and High Sparrow inside. In his grief, Tommen commits suicide.
Arya returns to Westeros as an elite assassin and slits Walder Frey's throat and poisons all of his family.
Viserion dies saving Jon Snow and his team and the Night King revives him as his own ice dragon.
Jon Snow is actually the legitimate son of Rhaegar Targaryen and Lyanna Stark and heir to the Iron Throne.
Jon and Daenarys bring their captured white walker to Kings Landing to convince Cersei to call a truce.
Jamie leaves Cersei and heads north to fight the Night King.
The sigil of house Baratheon is a stag.
The sigil of house Tully is a trout.
The sigil of house Greyjoy is a kraken.
The sigil of house Lannister is a lion.
The sigil of house Tyrell is a rose.
The sigil of house Martell is a spear.
The sigil of house Targaryen is a three-headed dragon.
Lena Headey plays Cersei Lannister.
Nikolaj Coster-Waldau plays Jamie Lannister.
Richard Madden plays Robb Stark.
Emilia Clarke plays Daenarys Targaryen.
Kit Harrington plays Jon Snow.
Maisie Williams plays Arya Stark.
Sophie Turner plays Sansa Stark.
Jon Arryn is Warden of the East.
Walder Frey, with help from Roose Bolton, kills Robb, Catelyn, Talisa, their bannermen and Grey Wind with the blessing of Tywin Lannister.